EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/getting_started/requirements.md

> eZ Commerce requires:

Reviewer: I'd try to add a complete sentence before a bulleted list:
eZ Commerce requires the following items before installation:
or even
Before you install eZ Commerce, make sure that you obtain the following items:

> - An eZ Platform Version 2.5.x installation (see [Requirements](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/getting_started/requirements_and_system_configuration/)).

Reviewer: Is "eZ Platform Version 2.5.x" a proprietary name? If not, I'd go along "eZ Platform in version 2.5.x"
However, when I search the resources (both docs and github), I see variations of the name: eZ Platform v2.5, eZ Platform 2.5, but not "version 2.5". Do we have a naming convention for product versions?

> - An eZ Platform Version 2.5.x installation (see [Requirements](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/getting_started/requirements_and_system_configuration/)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An eZ Platform v2.5.x installation (see [Requirements](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/getting_started/requirements_and_system_configuration/)).
```

!!! note

>     Recommended PHP Version: 7.2

Reviewer: I would move this piece of intormation to the parent bullet:
An eZ Platform Version 2.5.x installation with PHP in version 7.2. For details, see [Requirements](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/getting_started/requirements_and_system_configuration/).

    The following PHP extensions are required:

    - curl extension and SOAP extension
    - intl extension
    - xsl extension

- An eZ Commerce Enterprise contract

> - To use ERP connection: an ERP system supported by eZ Commerce and the Web-Connector 

Reviewer: I'm thinking whether optional requirements could be spelled out:
Optional: To use the ERP connection, an ERP system supported by eZ Commerce and the Web-Connector are required. For a list of suported ERP systems, see...
Also - is it web connector, webconnector, or Web-Connector? See my other comment above.

> - To use ERP connection: an ERP system supported by eZ Commerce and the Web-Connector 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To use ERP connection: an ERP system supported by eZ Commerce and the Web Connector 
```

> ## Client

Reviewer: Could we have "Client installation requirements" header, "eZ Commerce installation requirements" header above, and "Server installation requirements" below? Would it make sense?

Author: Here also, done with dev-doc as model: https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/master/getting_started/requirements/

|Requirement|Details|
|--- |--- |
|JavaScript|required for frontend use|

> |Browsers|Depends on the design used for the project.</br>The standard eZ Commerce supports:</br>Internet Explorer 9,10,11 (IE8 should work as well)</br>All the other modern browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera|

Reviewer: "The standard eZ Commerce supports:" -> "A standard eZ Commerce installation supports the following browsers:"
Do we want to leave "IE8 should work"? If it works 100%, let's list it, if not, I'd remove it.
"All the other modern browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera" -> "Other modern browsers, for example, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Opera."

> |Browsers|Depends on the design used for the project.</br>The standard eZ Commerce supports:</br>Internet Explorer 9,10,11 (IE8 should work as well)</br>All the other modern browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Browsers|Depends on the design used for the project.</br>Internet Explorer 9, 10, 11</br>Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera|
```

## Server

### Hardware

> eZ Commerce requires a dedicated server. Due to security reasons shared hosting is not recommended.

Reviewer: "Due to security reasons shared ..." -> "Due to security reasons, shared ..."

!!! note

>     Don't store session as a file on the file system. This might cause locking problems.

Reviewer: This statement calls for a caution, not a note. 
"Do not store session information as a file on the file system."

>     Details see [Session handling](../guide/configuration/session_handling.md)

Reviewer: For details, see ...

> Check if your webserver configuration (or Varnish) blocks cookies which are not used in the application. 

Reviewer: "webserver" -> "web server"
"cookies which" -> "cookies that"

> Check if your webserver configuration (or Varnish) blocks cookies which are not used in the application. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check if your web server configuration (or Varnish) blocks unused cookies. 
```

> The reason is that additional cookies might influence the caching behavior in the backend. Some parts of the site are cached per session (e.g. the basket preview). It uses an ESI block which uses a cache by Cookie.

Reviewer: "The reason is that " is obsolete.
"e.g." - I would consider using "for example" throughout the docs, as it is recommended to spell out abbreviations.
"It" - what is meant by "it" in the sentence - the session, the site?

> The reason is that additional cookies might influence the caching behavior in the backend. Some parts of the site are cached per session (e.g. the basket preview). It uses an ESI block which uses a cache by Cookie.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reason is that additional cookies might influence the caching behavior in the backend. Some parts of the site are cached per session (e.g. the basket preview). The site uses an ESI block which uses a Cache by Cookie.
```

RequestHeader edit Cookie "^(.*?)YOUR_COOKIE_NAME=.*?(?:$|;)(.*)$" $1$2
```

> For nginx in your vhost configuration:

Reviewer: Should there be a comma after "nginx"?

> For nginx in your vhost configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For NGINX, in your vhost configuration:
```

### Software

> In addition to the requirements for eZ Platform the following software needs to be installed:

Reviewer: Should there be a comma after "Platform"?

sql_mode = NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES
```

> If you encounter issues in the backend with missing chart data in the cockpit please check this setting and restart mysqld.

Reviewer: Should there be a comma after "cockpit"?
